docs: publishing (#632)
linz/imagery: docs/publishing.md

# Publishing

> This documentation intends to describe our system that publishes data, from the verified supplied data to publication into the [AWS Registry of Open Data](https://registry.opendata.aws/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes our system that publishes data, from the verified supplied data to publication into the [AWS Registry of Open Data](https://registry.opendata.aws/).
```
